/* The first day after having to join the photography club*/

*Beep beep*

It's time to go to school.

I remember my thoughts yesterday, about how I wanted to impress [C].

I'm still in doubt of my ability to build up a good and interesting story.

I just need to trust myself, and I'll surely do good.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(scene Street)

[A] is not coming to school together with me today.

She texted me that she was apparently busy with something, which made me really surprised.

I always thought of her as a carefree person that never really gets caught up with anything.

But I guess it does give me more time to prepare my speech while I'm on my way to school.

...

[C] said that storytelling was just a stepping stone for the club, right? And the real part comes when we're ready to take good photographs on our own.  

As I came to think of it, I don't have too much knowledge of photography, as least not that that it would suffice the need of the club.

I don't want to make people regard me as some sort of weeb who commits himself half-assedly to a photography club.

I'd probably have to pay a visit to the school's library to look up some books about the subject.

Yeah, I'll do that.

I know that [A] would definitely be happy be about it, now that I've managed to distract myself from watching all those animes.

And [C] would probably be excited too, knowing that I showed signs of interest for her club.

...

The constant stream of thoughts flowing through my head really distracted me from the scenery around myself.

Cold gusts of wind blowing sends chills down my spine. It's freezing despite the sun showing up in the sky.

M : "Man, it's cold today~..."

... 

As I whisper to myself, I can see the school's main entrance in front of me, but there is a car parking beside it.

It's really good-looking, and a rather expensive one, I think. I recall having seen this model in a catalouge a few days back.

And I also have no clue of having seen this car parked here.

I guess it's a new student... But it can also be anyone, as I'm not really good with remembering stuff...

I let that thought slip through my head and make my way to class.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(scene Classroom)

The school bell rings, signaling the end of the period.

School finished early today, as we only had to went through a few classes.

But I have to say that it was very challenging, as the tasks given out combined aspects of being both difficult and unnecessarily long.

I sit in my desk after class, feeling hollow and uncertain, as if I had forgot something...

Beside me, there are a few of my friends who are having small chats at the back of the class.

I ended up staring into the blank and white ceiling to while my brain checks if it has overlooked anything...

A : "[M]!!"
	"I haven't seen you all day! I'm sorry that I was busy and couldn't come to school together with you today"
	"..."

Seeing her worry that I might get upset, I quickly cheered her up.

M : "It's okay! You don't need to worry about me like that"
	"It's essential to have some time for yourself, instead of always trying to make others happy, don't you think?"
	"..."
	"It's not like I would die if I didn't had anyone keeping me companied on my way to school."

A : "..."
	"Ahaha~!!"

What? I'm caught off guard by her sudden laughter.

A : "It's so funny to suddenly see you sound like an old person and start talking wisely!!"
	"If I recall correctly, this is the first time that I've actually seen you saying those sorts of stuff."

...

[A] really does know how to kill the atmosphere, I guess.

She looks oblivious to the situation that she's put me in.

I give a long sigh as she continues the conversation in a very bored voice.

A : "By the way, what are you going to do now, [M]?"
	"Club starts in the afternoon, and it's only 9:00 now, not even time for lunch!!"
	"I think I'm just going to stay here and take a nap until then~..."

She lets out a yawn, stretching her arms and gets ready to take a good sleep on her desk.

[A] sure likes eating and sleeping a lot. I mean I already know that since we were much younger back then. She does look really comfortable

...

The club!!

How could I forget that I was supposed to borrow photography books for this afternoon.

But first, I'll have to ask [A] where the library is first.

M : "U-Uhm [A], I want to borrow some books about photography from the library. Where do I have to go?"

In response to my question, her head suddenly perks up, and her face fills with confusion.

A : "What did you say?"

M : "Uhm, I asked where the library is?"

A : "This is a rare moment!"
	"I'm actually suprised that you're finding something to read, [M]."
	"I suppose I've completely mistaken you all these years, huh?"

To be honest, I kind of anticipated this reaction in my head.

I would probably be surprised as well if someone who is regarded as a huge NEET suddenly takes interest in reading.

[A] probably interpreted my reaction as feeling offended, and quickly stops teasing me.

A : "But you know, it's always good to try and read as much as possible, right?"
	"Not just about school subjects, but about other things too~"
	"And if I remember correctly, the library is on the first floor, but I don't know which room. And it's always open, unless the librarian is absent"
	"..."
	"I'd love to accompany you, but it's my napping time now, so..."

[A] laughs before dozing off again.

It means that I'm on my own for this adventure to the library.

Well, it can't be that hard to find the library, right? I've known this school **for years**.

Except for the library part, of course.

I'm sure that I can navigate my way through this.

As I walk to the door, I hear her cheerfully humming to probably one of her favorite songs in her sleep.

A : "Oh and [M]?..."

M : "Yeah?"

A : "Just try to have fun, okay?"
	"I know I said that I'm worried that you'll become a NEET, but..."
	"Just don't push yourself too much just because I made you dive headfirst into something you're not accustomed to."

M : "Okay, I won't"

A : "Good"
	"Hehe~"

That's just typical of her to be overly caring about others.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(scene Hallway)

With that, I make my way downstairs, descending past multiple groups of students chatting, only to find another problem.

The hallway is wide, consisting of multiple identical rooms that aren't really easy to distinguish. 

The classrooms are marked with signs stating which class they belong to, but there are a plethora of other rooms unmarked.

Is the library one of them? Or is it just somewhere down the hallway.

I bet on the latter and choose my direction at random.

Let's see...

...

As I nearly reached the end of the corridor, I spy the library with the help of the big green nameplate on the door.

The door is not closed, but it can't be considered as 'open' either.

Just barely ajar so that I can see that it's open and nothing else.

It would make more sense for the library door to be invitingly open, and while this one's not quite that, it's good enough.

But why do I feel slightly anxious just standing in front of the door like this?

I gingerly push on the center of the door with my fingertips, every muscle in my arm ready to pull back at a moment's notice.

The door slowly creaks as if groaning from a deep sleep, though it's much easier to open than what I anticipated.

...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(scene Library)

Just like everything in this school, the library seems to spacious and oddly modern in constrast to the classic exterior.

Its big window open to the courtyard, towards the main gate.

There aren't many people around here. Considering that it's the school library, it's no surprise.

Most people would rather take part in more exciting and interactive activities instead of reading something.

There are multiple aisles and from what I heard, this library offers a variety of books, novels, and so on for the people of different tastes

So photography books must be somewhere around here.

I make a short round just to see if there's anything besides the rows of bookshelves stacking before me.

I reach the end of the room and finda collection of desks, set up for study or personal reading. Going a little further, though, I discover a nice quiet aisle at the back.

It has a sign saying *"Educational"*, so it must have the ones that I need.

While I was looking at some of the books located at the top of the shelf, I can't help but notice that I'm standing next to another girl.

A girl with bright yellow hair, and deep blue eyes.

I don't recall having seen her before.

Apparently, we're one of the few people in this room, and are the only people who are in this aisle.

Not only is she the tallest girl I've laid eyes on, but even among the foreigners that I've met, she's strikingly distinct.

...

She's reading a book, keeping it close to her face. I take a quick glance at her. The words on the cover are barely visible.

"The Portrait of Markov", huh? Can't say I've heard that one before.

She sneaks some glances at me, but buries her face in the book as soon as I try to make eye contact with her. 

I can see her peeking at me, but quickly buries her face in the book.

This is starting to get rather awkward, as we keep exchanging glances at each other without saying anything.

I tried to strike up a conversation, but hesitation kicks in as I don't really know what to say.

...

Finally, she breaks the silence between us.

B : "H...Hi..."

Her soft voice brings me out of my silent observance.

M : "I-I'm really sorry if I interrupted you. I was just... kind of lost"

She takes a brief moment to formulate a response. Every action she takes feels as if it's carefully choreographed beforehand.

B : "It's okay, it's not that bad"

That was unexpected, considering that I just intruded upon her.

M : "I don't think I've seen you around. I take it you're a new student here?"

She suddenly acts even more shyly than before, as if she's scared of something.

B : "Y-Yeah. I just transferred in a few days ago..."
	"I'm [B]. It's nice to meet you!"

I get the distinct feeling that my speech patterns don't match her formality, accentuated by her restrained bow of greeting.

M : "Pleased to meet you too. The name's [M]"

At first glance, I thought that she was a foreigner. But come to think of it, her voice doesn't really have a detectable accent. I guess she must be half-Japanese.

The way she talks to other people is so unique. I don't know how to describe it.

B : "[B], please. There's no need to be too formal"

It's clear that she's very self-conscious about all of her actions.

She appears and act in a very mature fashion, but is also kind of shy with her words.

This reminds me of [C], who is of the same level of maturity but with more confidence.

After we exchange some information about ourselves, I've starting to feel more comfortable with her now.

I think she feels the same as well, as she slowly becomes more fluent with her words.

The calming atmosphere is so different from what it was a few minutes ago. Although it does hurt to know that I can't keep up with her formality as we speak.

I learned that she is in the class next to mine, and that her hobby is reading. She likes to read 

But I don't quite remember whether she laughed or not when I shared that I liked mangas and animes.

I still haven't forgot about what needs to be done, which is borrowing the photography books.

I found what I wanted, and it's time to head back to class.

M : "...It's been nice talking with you [B]!"
	"I had a great time today!!"

B : "M-Me too! It was a really nice conversation"

She suddenly blushes and turns back to being her normal, introverted self.

M : "I'll be going now! Bye!"

B : "B-Bye..."

I walk out of the library door, thinking about this new girl I've just met.

She's so formal and mature, unlike the girl waiting for me back in class.

And compared to [C], [B] does really feel like a shy and quiet version of her, even though they're both really mature.

As I approach the door to my classroom, I run into none other than [A].

With that, I make my way back to class.

A : "Ready to have lunch together, [M]?"

M : "Yeah"

A : "Yay, let's go~!!. I'm so hungry~"

The calming atmosphere that I experienced before suddenly vanished when I'm with [A]. Instead, it's much more energetic and childish compared to before.

We head down to the cafeteria, as I'm surprised to how [A] and [C] are as different as chalk and cheese.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(scene Cafeteria)

The cafeteria is big and crowded with students and teachers.

The smell of food in the air really does whet my appetite.

There are quite a number of people queueing up, getting ready to order their meals. I can hear the sound of conversations blending in together, which kind of distracts me in a way.

A : "What do you want to eat, [M]?"

Her sudden loud voice breaks my stream of thoughts, and attracted attention from people around us, but she doesn't seem to notice it, so we proceed to the line.

I look at the menu.

It's a rather long list of options, which seems great until I realize that most of them aren't really my taste.

I pick something random and follow [A] to a table, sitting opposite to her.

As I nibble indifferently at the food I'd rather not eat, my attention was caught by looking at [A] eating.

M : "Why are there only vegetables in your meal, [A]?"

A : "Because it's cheaper~!!"
    "Besides, I don't want to put on weight by eating meat~"

M : "Jeez, you really have to pay more attention to your health, [A]"
    "Of course it's less expensive, but you won't get enough energy to make it through the day."
    "You shouldn't always be worrying about others, you know?"

A : "Ehehe~"
    "It's what I do best"

M : "...That's the problem!!"
    "What about you?"
    "You look out for me better than you look out for yourself"
    "You're still oversleeping everyday, aren't you?"

A : "Eh?"
    "N-Not every day!"

M : "That's not very convincing..."
    "How many days this past weeks have you gotten up on time?"

[A] cheeks redden, as if she's really embarrassed, which makes her struggle with her otherwise fluent speech

A : "That's mean, [M]!"
    "You shouldn't ask a girl things like that, you know!"
    "T-That's a secret..."

M : "I knew it..."
    "Look, it's written all over you!"

She quickly glances around herself. It makes me wonder if she's really that much of an airhead.

A : "Eh?"
    "How is it written all over me?"

M : "..."
    "Whatever! Just remember to take care of yourself more"

A : "I will~!"

I start to take bit by bits out of my meal and put it into hers.

She suddenly blushes seeing me do that, but quickly covers it with a bright smile on her face.

A : "Ehehe~!"
	"This is so funny!!"

M : "What is?"

A : "Well..."
	"I was just thinking about how weird it is to have a friend who cares so much about you"
	"Especially when it's a boy..."

M : "Eh?"
	"D-Don't say things like that!"
	"You'll make me feel weird about it, stupid..."

A : "But it's totally fine, right?"
	"It's because we've been friends for so long, so it's perfectly understandable if we think for each other so much, you know!"
	"I'm happy we're like this~."
	"Aren't you?"

M : "I-I guess..."

I've gotten so used to seeing her talk childishly in the past, that it's putting me in a rather awkward situation.

I finish putting the last bit into her tray, as she beams at me.

A : "Thanks, M! You're the best"
	"You're so kind with me sometimes"
	"I don't know if I'll ever find anyone that's even close to being this nice~"
	"Ehehe~!"

M : "Well anyway, just focus on trying to wake up a little earlier, okay?"

A : "Only if you promise that you'll go to bed earlier!"

Even though I've gotten myself into all this photography stuff, I'm not really accustomed to going to bed any earlier.

M : "Fine, fine..."
	"It's a deal!"

A : "Ehehe~!"
	"I guess we really are better at taking care of each other than we are at taking care of ourselves"

M : "Yeah, I guess so, huh..."

We both raise our hand and lock our pinkies together, signifying a promise.

A : "So maybe you should come wake me up in the morning!"

M : "You're doing it again, [A]..."
	"Stop saying all this embarrassing things"

A : "Eh?"
	"I didn't say anything embarrassing..."
	"I was joking that time!"

M : "Jeez, it's impposible to tell with you sometimes"

We stop talking and try to focus on eating the food we ordered.

As she munches down on the food on her tray, I remember about what we're suppose to be doing in today's club meeting.

M : "Oh and by the way, [A]..."
	"What story are you gonna tell us this afternoon?"
	"I know I'm supposed to be patience and let everyone hear it at the same time, but I'm just kind of curious, you know"

A : "Oh... about the club, huh?"
	"..."
	"OH NO! I forgot to prepare a story!!"

She quickly looks at me in a suprised fashion before jumping up and down in desperation. I can't say that this is the first time she forgot to do something.

I let out a sarcastic laugh.

She's been pretty goofy and clumsy when it comes to remembering things, as the same scenario has happened a couple of times before, if my memory serves me right.

[A] puts her arm out and orbits around the table we're sitting a few times.

A : "What do I do now! I don't wanna be the only one to not have a proper story prepared!!"
	"Especially on the first club day!!!"
	"..."
	"And stop smiling like that! It's rude to show happiness over other people's mistake, [M]!!"
	"You meanie...!"

I quickly try to comfort her.

M : "Don't worry! We still have around 1 hour until then, right?"
	"I think it shouldn't take an active person like you too long to draw inspiration from something, right?"

A : "..."
	"R-Right.."
	"It can't be so hard, is it?"

She quickly calms down, putting one arm on her chest to relieve herself from all that sudden excitement.

A : "I'll try my best to make up something"
	"Until then, I'll have to go somewhere that I can draw inspiration from"
	"Oh and [M]..."

She brightly smiles at me.

A : "Thanks for the mental support!"
	"I get excited easily sometimes, you know."
	"That's why I know that I can always count on you to comfort me!!"

I know she has said things like these in the past. But that smile on her face can really brighten up any gloomy day.

I can feel my face getting hotter and my body becoming weak before her, as it's not often that [A] gives me such a warm and bright look.

A : "Eh?"
	"Why is your face red like that all of a sudden?"
	"Do you need to see a doctor?"

M : "N-No!"
	"It's nothing..."
	"You better go hurry up if you want to make it in time for the club meeting"

A : "Oh yeah, I forgot about that just by talking with you!"
	"Well, I should get going now. Wait for me in class, okay? I'll be back shortly"
	"Bye~!"

M : "Bye~!"

[A] walks off, humming a song to herself while I take a look at the table.

She even forgot to put away her own tray before heading off.

She's really easily distracted by things surrounding her, I have to say.

But as I didn't want to call her back, I did what any polite man was supposed to do to a woman, which is helping her out.

Well, now that's she gone, maybe I'll head back to class for a short nap.

I check the clock on the wall for the time. It's still relatively early, and I'm getting somewhat exhausted.

I don't sleep very often, but who could resist taking some rest, especially in this cool and comfortable weather?

Classroom nap, it is!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(scene Hallway)

I make my way to class, joining the small flow of students going up the stairwell.

I can barely figure out which class is which if I didn't recieve some help from the nameplates next to each one.

A long and empty hallway lies in front of me, which leads to my class.

Even though I kind of expected it to be deserted like this, walking through a long hallway anyone in sight still makes me feel a little empty inside.

While walking, I try to rehearse my speech in my head. It takes practice to get good, especially if I have any intention to impress [C]

The mild rays of sunlight travel through and light up the end of the passage.

As I was just around the end of the corridor, I hear someone sobbing right around the corner. It seems like someone's having a bad time.

At first, I tried to ignore it, as my classroom is right next to me.

But on the other hand, no matter how hard I try, my body doesn't seem to obey me, as the voice sounds all too familiar.

I guess it can't hurt going around and check out who it is.

I peek my head around the corner, just enough so that I can take a good look of the person.

My entire body is ready to jump back like a rabbit, just in case our eyes meet right as I take a look.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<Call emma_cg1>


