A girl with bright blonde hair, sitting next to the wall crying to herself.

It's [B]. We've met not too long ago in the library.

I come closer to have a better look at the situation, slightly inching forward every few seconds.

Before I knew it, I was sitting right next to the girl.

...

This is the first time I've seen her like this. Her face is buried in her palms. Even though her face is covered, I can see tears dripping down from her eyes.

Having noticed that someone's around, [B]'s head suddenly perks up. She looks up scaredly at me from underneath her fringe.

My curious eyes are met with her own, tear-filled ones.

For a second, I am shocked, and divert my eyes elsewhere, before I realize that looking away probably only makes it worse.

It takes too many seconds to collect myself and remember what I walked up to her for.

M : "H-Hi..."

She tries to wipe off the tears in her eyes, but is too suprised to do so.

M : "I didn't mean to startle you!!"
	"W-We had a conversation back in the library a while ago..."
	"If you still remember it"

B : "I-I do..."

M : "That's great. I was just going back to my class, and I heard some noise back here, so I thought I'd go check to see if something's wrong"

B : "..."
	"It's okay... I guess"

The girl certainly doesn't look like she's okay, but I let it slide.

M : "U-Uhm, so do you mind if I sit here?"

She seems to be very uncertain whether it's okay or not for me to sit, but finally she nods, just a little.

M : "So, errr... sorry again for startling you."

I take a good look at her clothes, which are covered in dust. There's even some shoeprints visible on her shirt.

She somehow reads my mind, and suddenly buries her face in her hands.

B : "D-Don't look!!"
	"You're... not supposed to see me like this"

I divert my attention into the blank space next to her to try and make her feel more comfortable

[B] tries to stand up and evade whatever my curiosity has to ask, but the bruises on her body makes it difficult for her to do so.

B : "Ouch...!"

It's obvious that she's trying to avoid talking about how she got into all of this. But what kind of friend wouldn't care about it?

M : "What happened to you? Did you got into a fight or something?"

[B] takes a few seconds to formulate a good response, but all those emotions going through her head must be unpleasant, as she doesn't seem to be able to hold back her tears

B : "..."
	"I'm scared!!"

She bursts into crying as she buries her face into my chest. I can tell that she's going through an excruciating amount of pain right now

I gently wrap my arms around her.

M : "You don't need to force yourself too much, you know"
	"...Just tell me what happened, okay?"
	"We can overcome it together!"

I actually surprised myself by saying that. I never thought I would be someone who listen and comforts other people. Especially when I've just met this girl today.

But there's something special about her that makes me want to protect her.

B : "You still remember that I transferred here a few days ago, right?"
	"Well... The truth is..."
	"..."
	"I've been struggling with being bullied for a long time now!"

She struggles with choosing what to say next, which is rare of her to do so.

B : "The girls that just beat me up earlier..."
	"..."
	"They said something about me trying to steal away their lovers and how I was just seeking for affection from others"
	"..."
	"They even spread rumors about me around school!..."
	"I don't know what to do!"
	"I don't know if I can handle all of this!"
	"..."

It takes me a while to process all that information, as it came to me straight out of the blues.

To be honest, I feel quite shocked and dizzy. This is the first time I've met someone that struggles with these kinds of issues.

Especially this bad of a condition. She looks petrified with horror

A brief moment of silence consumes the both of us. The only sounds that can be heard are cold gusts of wind blowing by, and the sound of [B]'s occasional muffled sobs.

I look over, only to see that she's exhausted from all that emotion. Her tired eyes slowly shuts while her entire body collapses straight into mine.

She looks so feeble and innocent in her sleep. I can't help but feel sympathetic for her.

I wrap my arms around her, while whispering into her ears.

M : "Everything's going to be okay, you know!"
	"..."
	"They're just jealous that you're more beautiful and way cuter than they are"
	"Isn't it obvious by now?"

She puts one hand to her eyes to wipe away her tears.

B : "..."
	"Really?"
	"But I can't help but think what they said were true!"
	"I have nothing special, you know..."
	"..."
	"What if they see you sitting here next to me?"
	"They'll spread rumors about the both of us, [M]"
	"Don't you feel bad that you're here with me like this, while you could be with anyone better?"
	"..."

At this point, I can no longer hold back my feelings.

M : "..."
	"So what?"

B : "Eh?"

M : "It's not often that you get to hang out with a person this nice, you know!"

Her cheeks redden, as tears once again roll down from her eyes; The only difference is that she's filled with happiness right now.

M : "They don't even know what they're missing!"
	"You're one of the sweetest person I've met, [B]..."

B : "[M]..."

M : "Smart, cute and beautiful..."
	"What more could you possibly ask for in a person"
	"..."
	"I think we have a lot in common, you know"
	"It makes no difference if you're loved or hated by everyone else!"
	"People befriend each other because of their personality"
	"It takes a lot of effort to find friends who are don't judge you, much less friends who like you just for who you are!"
	"And as for myself..."
	"I'm already kind of a loser, so what could possibly happen if a group of random girls suddenly spreads rumors about me?"

B : "..."
	"I don't know what to say..."
	"T-Thanks for being so encouraging!"
	"I-I don't think I deserve any of this!"

M : "Of course you do. What are you talking about?"

She smiles softly, as we both hug each other for a while.

...

After a few seconds, she lets go of me, and we both stare into the blank and infinite sky.

It feels as if I had just took a heavy weight off my chest.

I feel relieved, but also kind of light-headed.

I'm not the type of people to give others emotional support, but it does feel nice to be helpful to someone every once in a while.

I stare into her bag next to her, and find a few books which must have fallen out after the beating that's she been through.

My eyes wander upwards, and I see [B] enjoying herself while sitting next to me.

I somewhat want to strike up a conversation, just to understand better about what she usually do. 

But I don't want to ruin this beautiful moment where there's just me, [B], and the infinite beautiful blue sky upon us.

What should I do?

(choice)
{
	(1) Ask about her interest in reading
	(2) Keep quiet
}

if (1)
{
	M : "By the way..."
		"You like reading, right?"

	B : "Y-Yeah..."
		"You also came into the library earlier today. Can I take it as read that it's one of your hobbies, too?"

	M : "Not really..."
		"I'm more into animes,... But I do enjoy myself a good manga every now and then!"

	I sit there quietly, as [B] starts to giggle. Maybe she now understands what I meant when I said I'm a loser.

	M : "I-It's embarrassing, right?"

	B : "It's okay!! I don't judge anyone for their hobbies."
		"Manga is just another form of literature. There's no need to be embarrassed about it."
		"To be honest, I sometimes read light novels too, you know"
		"I think it's special in its own way. It expresses emotions in such a way that not every form of art can do the same!"

	M : "Wow, I'm surprised that you showed interest in those, [B]"
		"I thought I was the only person to like it, you know"

	B : "Well, there's a lot of things that you wouldn't know about a person unless you befriend them long enough"

	M : "..."
		"But light novels aren't your main interest, right?"
		"What sort of books do you like to read?"

	She shuffles around the question, letting out a laugh that sounds very strange.

	It's nervous, but still has that lifting up-and-down quality present in everything she says.

	B : "...Well, ..."
		"Novels are my favorite. Especially historical ones"
		"It feels so real to be immersed in all sorts of different cultures from the past"
		"And they also emphasize humanism throughout the story, which is a really nice touch"
		"..."
		"Ever heard of 'A tale of two cities' by Charles Dickens? That's one of my favorite ones"

	Contrary to her shyness from before, she appears to be a completely different person now.

	I have never seen anyone talk so heatedly and unhestitatingly about a particular subject before.

	I can't help but feel myself getting dragged into what she's seeing in her imagination.

	B : "By the way, [M]"
		"I have a question..."
		"What were you looking for in the library earlier today?"

	M : "Hm?"
		"..."
		"Just some books about photography. Not really anything too important."
	
	B : "Oh, I didn't know that you had interest in photography, too!"
		"I guess there are still things that I don't know about you!"

	She looks apologetic.

	M : "N-No, it's not really a hobby or anything..."
		"I gotted dragged into a photography club by my friend..."
		"And I was just looking for some reference material, that's all"

	Thinking back to how lonely she is, I feel a sudden urge to help her out.

	M : "By the way, I feel like you would make a good member for the club"
		"Want to join it?"

	...
	
	B : "E-Eh?"
		"Y-You want me to join your club?"

	She blushes heavily.

	M : "Yeah"
		"There's a lot of talented and friendly people there!"
		"You'll feel right at home!"
	
	B : "B-But..."
		"I don't really have any knowledge about photography yet"
		"Is that okay?..."

	M : "Don't worry! It's not like I know a lot about it anyway"
		"We can help each other improve"
		"After all, it's all about having fun, isn't it?"
		"Aren't you happy that you can make new friends now?"

	B : "I-I guess so..."
		"..."

	She takes a few seconds to process whatever is going through her mind, as I check to see if we're still on time for the club.

	M : "Well in that case, we should get going"
		"It's almost 1:00PM"
	
	My attention diverts to the ringing school bell, which signifys that the club meeting is about to start.

	I quickly stand up and offer a hand to help her do the same.

	M : "Shall we go now?"

	B : "U-Uhm"

	I make my way through the long hallway, with [B] hurrily walking behind me.

} 
else
{

}


